hey guys it's Jill and I have an outfit
of the night all of my makeup is I did a
tutorial on this look so I will put that
down below it is actually my prom full
face tutorial so if you want to check
out exactly what is on my face then you
can go watch that video because it's not
just her prom it can definitely be for a
night out obviously
hence what I'm doing so for my hair
usually I'm used to just leaving it
straight and I got tired of it so I got
this little baby out which I don't know
what it's called oh is the InStyler door
and just the really skinny one and it
just kind of curled my hair this side
didn't turn out as well so I just kind
of pinned that side back which I think
looks fabulous for accessories I put in
these little studs that you're not
really going to be able to see anyways
because my hair is down and it's
covering my ears my TLC you know you're
not going to see these but these are
little studs that I got from mark just
add a little pop of color to my rather
boring colorless outfit so that's that
this pave bracelet I got from Target it
looks exactly identical to the one that
you can get from j.crew this one I got
this is just a chain link bracelet I'm
not sure where I got this from I think
that the website is no longer but you
can pretty much find these anywhere as
well this necklace I got from I got it
from Wet Seal this shirt I got from holy
crap I am so sorry guys I can't remember
if I got this one from wet stealer Debs
so I will put that on the screen too I
thought I was prepared for this video I
seriously did I was like oh I know our
guy reaping from I am so sorry I it's
either from wet sealer Deb I want to say
it's from Deb but I could be wrong on
that so I am going to say dad but if I'm
wrong I'll put
the screen I love this it has like the
lace I am gonna change to a black bra
that's the only thing I need to do I
don't know why I didn't think about that
oh okay I might just leave it white who
knows but I love the lace in the back
and as you can see it is the peplum top
which I love because I feel like they're
a bit slimming they do give you a little
bit of shape and they kind of hide any
tummy issues you may have especially in
the black hello door so yeah I love love
love this really pretty lace I love it
so so much
I love these detail right here that are
like little sequins so I love that on
the sleeve on the shoulders because it
just adds a little bit of something to a
rather plain black peplum top I mean I
just love it I think it's so cute
for the jeans I am obsessed with these
jeans I got these these jeans I got from
Wet Seal
they are the amethyst brand thank you to
whoever suggested them because they are
perfect
for my shoes I come obsessed I love
these shoes so much oh my goodness I got
these from Target so oh my goodness I
love them perfect wedge they're nude
they have this beautiful gold bar detail
right here
I do go in between the toe they have
this gorgeous gold detail right there
and they are super comfortable they are
so comfortable and they are so sexy I
love the way these shoes look I really
do so that is my outfit of the night I
hope that you guys enjoyed don't forget
to go check out this tutorial if you
want the makeup tutorial it's all
drugstore products so thumbs up for that
and I will see you guys the next one bye
we are going to go ahead and go in with
the wet and wild petal pusher palette
this right here is an amazing palette